hi everyone welcome to my may favorites
video today wow just I was wanting to
keep coming on I thinking no don't say
june i don't know why june is stuck in
my head here but it is but it is may
favorites time so i'm going to start
with my favorite skincare product and i
got some hair and of course while i'm
sort of known for i love the most which
of course is makeup so starting off with
an eye product that i've been really
liking to take off my makeup is the
ganya skin naturals clean sensitive
gentle eye makeup remover this is my
second bottle of it and it is truly
fantastic it never irritates it removes
ninety percent of the makeup you wash
your face and all your makeup is gone
it's that good it really is good i
really recommend people check this out
at your local drugstore a hair product
which i've recently been using for the
last two weeks in see Edward bill
Moroccan gloss pure argan oil this is
amazing stuff I've always had hair
that's kind of naturally shiny because
I've sort of got oily hair it's not oily
at the time of its shiny but even when I
watch it it's always shiny and this just
pumps up that shine but makes it look
really super healthy hand i love that it
doesn't weigh the hair down I was really
worried about using a kind of an oil
product because if you were naturally
oily the last thing you want is to add
more oil to that problem but this does a
fantastic job I really really love that
another skincare product which I picked
up or I ordered and then it came in
about 10 days ago and I've been loving
this I'm wearing it again on my face
I've been wearing a non-stop for 10 days
and I have to come in my may favorites
and it is the Super Plus blemish BB
cream from skin 79 this is amazing stuff
and you get loads that this can is heavy
and I've been using it forever well 10
days isn't count for free but a long
time lot time is a long time doesn't
matter it's 40 grams worth of product
and it is amazing it's it's very ash
tone in color so I think if you're sort
of sort of medium to tan skin tone even
darker than that I don't know if there's
other colors in this I will be
researching to find out a bit more about
the brand and product provider in my
review but for the last 10 days of me
using this it just looks amazing another
product that i've really been liking is
the Estee Lauder invisible fluid makeup
sometimes I'll apply this over the top
if I'm wanting a little bit of extra
coverage because i'm doing a video maybe
or I'm going out to a event or a meeting
or something I want that extra coverage
that I need to have that extra coverage
because you want to look more flawless
than you normally do so this has been
really good at the Estee Lauder
invisible fluid makeup I am in one end
and i will be reviewing this as well for
blush i have two favorites this month i
have the elf blush in candid coral which
is a beautiful shade it's really Coralie
it's kind of like the nerve orgasm shade
is quite funny because my favorite other
shade is look how small this is normally
the blushes are like twice as Bieber
this is a mini one and this is seen as
super orgasm which looks like that and
it's really sparkly i love this how it
looks I'm actually wearing at the moment
kind of barely touched the skin I didn't
want too much blush today I just wanted
my sort of natural skin to look as
natural as I could with BB cream but
yeah so these two are my favorite
blushes for the month for eyes has to be
this liner the Maybelline line stiletto
has been a favorite again I've gone
through two of these this is my third
one it is amazing liner and I definitely
recommend people check that out the
drugstore it's really inexpensive don't
go for the higher liners if you can't
afford behind ones don't worry about
them I've had mac I've had do you or
liners and that and i still prefer the
maybelline above them so it's a really
favorite one this mascara funnily enough
has been a favorite this month um i
recently oh i bought about two months
ago and i used and i told him to sit on
and off it's the beauty UK lash fix and
it's the extreme volume length and lift
mascara this kind of reminded me of the
old classic mascara like that just sort
of good natural sort of lash look and
I'm wearing it today and it is an
amazing mascara when you get used to how
it actually applies this is not
waterproof but it's very hard to remove
that's the only thing I would say about
that I don't like because I don't tend
to go for waterproof mascara just
because to remove them I have to use so
much remover and it's never really worth
it to get it off but this does sort of
last you two days where so it's really
hard to remove but it is a fantastic
and it goes on great and it really
builds up nice lash it four eyes I've
really been loving the Maybelline quad
in Makkah motion I've been doing a lot
of more neutral eyes as you can see
today I've got a very neutral I'm just
wearing this shade here so it's really
playing today but that quad there is a
beautiful one from Maybelline and of
course and with a little bit of a winged
eyeliner it looks great and I just been
really loving the neutral the NYX color
in black I've really been liking to
we're on the weekends I tend to do a bit
more of a gothic I so a bit more darker
than that and then also this one from
models before which is a mineral
eyeshadow duo which is in rocker chick
and that purple over here is amazing it
looks beautiful with blue eyes so for
lips I have two very very clear
favorites I had one mac lipstick which
I've really been loving with the natural
look and it is the mac lipstick which is
a luster in love lon and this is just a
beautiful pink which has got kind of a
blue undertone to it so it's really
going to suit people with that pink
undertone in their skin oh that reminds
me I did do the video for foundation 101
talking about skin tone and the skincare
and what coverage is best for what you
are as a skin type so I'll link that
below if you're interested in that video
so I did do that as the requested things
so um and also the Revlon lip butters I
go on kind of crazy how these I love how
these feel they feel like a lip balm
they have a gloss finish there like a
lipstick coverage that everything I'd
want in on that product and i really
like 200 million thumbs up to river i
love these they're amazing i really
recommend it and then lastly for nails i
have one color that i've really been
liking which is a really mini fc1 it
came out of a collection of four but
this one's my favorite by far it looks
really nice it gives you that natural
kind of nail color and this one is in
lyon around and it's just a beautiful
kind of pink color i'm actually got to
paint that one again on my nails and get
rid of the silver i'm currently wearing
but it's a beautiful kind of pearlescent
pink and it's really it's been a real
favorite this month on and off i've been
wearing that one a lot so that was my
may favorites thank you
so much for watching please do comment
rate and subscribe please tell me you're
my favorite in the comments box below
and thank you so much for watching and
I'll catch you with many more videos bye